Feature/sda download (#392)
NBISweden/sda-cli: README.md

## Download

The SDA/BP archive enables for downloading files and datasets in a secure manner. That can be achieved using the `sda-cli` tool and and it can be done in two ways:
- by downloading from a S3 bucket

> - by using the download API

Reviewer: Maybe specify which sub commands are related two these two methods?

Author: done

### Download from S3 bucket

> This process consists of the following two steps: create keys and download file and is explained in the following sections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This process consists of the following two steps: creating keys and downloading the file. These steps are explained in the following sections.
```

Author: done

```
**Note**: If needed, the user can download a selection of files from an available dataset by providing a customized `urls_list.txt` file.

### Download using the download API

> The download API allows for downloading files from the archive and it requires the user to have access to the dataset, therefore a configuration file needs to be downloaded before starting the downloading of the files.

Reviewer: Will be better to add a cross link to the section `### Download the configuration file`

Author: done
